1.1 - Select Invalid Test for p.varName
procedure p;
Select p.varName
none
5000
1.2 - Select Invalid Test for p.value
procedure p;
Select p.value
none
5000
1.3 - Select Invalid Test for p.stmt#
procedure p;
Select p.stmt#
none
5000
2.1 - Select Invalid Test for s.procName
stmt s;
Select s.procName
none
5000
2.2 - Select Invalid Test for s.varName
stmt s;
Select s.varName
none
5000
2.3 - Select Invalid Test for s.value
stmt s;
Select s.value
none
5000
3.1 - Select Invalid Test for a.procName
assign a;
Select a.procName
none
5000
3.2 - Select Invalid Test for a.varName
assign a;
Select a.varName
none
5000
3.3 - Select Invalid Test for a.value
assign a;
Select a.value
none
5000
4.1 - Select Invalid Test for c.varName
call c;
Select c.varName
none
5000
4.2 - Select Invalid Test for c.value
call c;
Select c.value
none
5000
5.1 - Select Invalid Test for if.procName
if ifs;
Select ifs.procName
none
5000
5.2 - Select Invalid Test for if.varName
if ifs;
Select ifs.varName
none
5000
5.3 - Select Invalid Test for if.value
if ifs;
Select ifs.value
none
5000
6.1 - Select Invalid Test for w.procName
while w;
Select w.procName
none
5000
6.2 - Select Invalid Test for w.varName
while w;
Select w.varName
none
5000
6.3 - Select Invalid Test for w.value
while w;
Select w.value
none
5000
7.1 - Select Invalid Test for co.procName
constant co;
Select co.procName
none
5000
7.2 - Select Invalid Test for co.varName
constant co;
Select co.varName
none
5000
7.3 - Select Invalid Test for co.stmt#
constant co;
Select co.stmt#
none
5000
8.1 - Select Invalid Test for v.procName
variable v;
Select v.procName
none
5000
8.2 - Select Invalid Test for v.value
variable v;
Select v.value
none
5000
8.3 - Select Invalid Test for v.stmt#
variable v;
Select v.stmt#
none
5000
9.1 - Select Invalid Test for v.procName
variable v;
Select v.procName
none
5000
9.2 - Select Invalid Test for v.value
variable v;
Select v.value
none
5000
9.3 - Select Invalid Test for v.stmt#
variable v;
Select v.stmt#
none
5000
10.1 - Select Invalid Test for pl.procName
prog_line pl;
Select pl.procName
none
5000
10.2 - Select Invalid Test for pl.value
prog_line pl;
Select pl.value
none
5000
10.3 - Select Invalid Test for pl.stmt#
prog_line pl;
Select pl.stmt#
none
5000
10.4 - Select Invalid Test for pl.varName
prog_line pl;
Select pl.varName
none
5000
11.1 - Select Invalid Test for sl.procName
stmtLst sl;
Select sl.procName
none
5000
11.2 - Select Invalid Test for sl.value
stmtLst sl;
Select sl.value
none
5000
11.3 - Select Invalid Test for sl.stmt#
stmtLst sl;
Select sl.stmt#
none
5000
11.4 - Select Invalid Test for sl.varName
stmtLst sl;
Select sl.varName
none
5000